Which command shows the current user?
b) whoami

What command is used to display the manual page for a command?
c) man

What does the chmod command modify?
b) File permissions

What will show you all the subdirectories and contents of the current directory?
b) ls

Executing pwd in shell will return:
d) Current directory

Consider using the command cd /a/b/c, then executing cd ... What does this last command do?
d) Changes to /a/b directory

Which command adds changes to the staging area in Git?
a) git add

What does the .git directory store?
d) Repository metadata and version history

What does the HEAD in Git represent?
c) The currently checked-out commit

What does the Linux command cp file1 file2 do?
a) Copy file1 to file2

What does the Linux command ls do?
d) Lists the contents of a directory

What is Git and why is it important?
Git is a distributed version control system that helps track changes to files and coordinate work on those files among multiple people. It is important because it allows multiple developers to collaborate on a project efficiently, track changes, revert to previous states, and manage different versions of a project.


What are the various steps/commands you’ll use to create a frontend/backend repository and push your project to the GitHub repository created?
1. Install Git:
   Make sure Git is installed on your system. If not, download and install it from git-scm.com.

2. Configure Git:
   git config --global user.name 'Your Name'
   git config --global user.email 'your.email@example.com'

3. Initialize a Git repository:
   Go to your project directory and initialize a repository.
   cd path/to/your/project
   git init

4. Add files to the repository:
   git add .

5. Commit the changes:
   git commit -m 'Initial commit'

6. Create a repository on GitHub:
   Go to GitHub, create a new repository, and copy the repository URL.

7. Add the remote repository:
   git remote add origin https://github.com/yourusername/your-repo-name.git

8. Push the changes to GitHub:
   git push -u origin master

